everybody welcome Megan online please
binding of issac
after birth plus you got a look at it
you got a look at who we got here
Samson No Azazel it's perfect
Azazel has not done a run to the end he
has done wait a minute he's not done a
run to the negative that's fine don't do
Lizzy's I'll just do it on this we got
to do is asel at some point okay c n9 v
7m three Zed
there's always the chance with Azazel
you end up having a little bit of a
snoozer
I would never dispute that so you know
you start with brimstone even a short
brimstone is like it's powerful you know
it's like being in the culling and
you're like oh I only have a shotgun
look I'm probably shouldn't reference
player unknowns battlegrounds instead
but in battlegrounds you know you get a
gun all the time so what I'm trying to
do is Park him back to the more modest
days of the Battle Royale genre when
perhaps that firearms were a little bit
more rare so if you had one you were
already in like an amazingly
advantageous position which is how we
are raid here you know we got such
ridiculous damage output yeah we got to
get close to enemies but it's a small
price to pay the Sun card is also really
good either way though you know we did
our last run as blue baby it was tough
to start with then we got the shears and
it was actually pretty easy then we
ruined the shears by using them
accidentally and that wasn't very smart
but we came out of the you know he
smelled like a rose at the end of it
regardless I also picked up magic much
magic mush not magic much like much
music in Canada so magic mush obviously
I mean our damage is now absurd it was
already really good but it's approaching
madness levels I think we got to check
this double key room unfortunately not a
reroll room but hey you know a little
bit of HP
not gonna turn up my nose at that
because I've got a problem with his
baggy clothes trying to think like well
what do we need is to say so first off
we need to provide an entertaining run
secondly we don't need boss rush so we
don't have to speed through the run
unnecessarily I mean it's kind of hard
to avoid when you got nine point
whatever damage little Molly percocet
their mom's wig doesn't oh my god mom's
wig is azazel I think we just got really
good luck there but as long as you're
holding the charge button down you can
spawn spiders that's amazing
so as like this interim period where
we're going from room to room we can get
like an unbelievable cache of spiders
working out in our favor here
potentially you know I gotta hit this up
a little bit I mean like every time we
charge up these shots we're presumably
gonna be making like one to five cents
so I'm probably not gonna break all the
poop on the room but that card ended up
being very valuable at least it wasn't a
freakin a hang demand card like we
usually get sometimes you got to do two
passes and that's just outrageous I mean
I don't want to spend my whole life
shooting these poops I think we're we're
striking a balance between you know
taking forever and doing our due
diligence here so you know this gives us
enough money to be very productive for
the remainder of the game and I'm
excited to be a part of it let's just
bust up these ones okay maybe not those
ones those ones didn't want to be busted
there you go one cent per quadrant here
there you go oh you broken my heart two
of them broke my heart
probably should go to the secret room
but I'm I'm like back on my BS again if
you know what I mean this run is it's
triggered the Zane right off the bat and
a little range upgrade as Azazel never
hurt anybody
let's take a Thames and Bank this
remaining HP for the future we might end
up doing boss rush just because we can
at this point when we were three minutes
in on the caves one as long as bombs
can't destroy my spiders I'm never gonna
complain about it so how do we use the
Thames to our maximum advantage on a run
that's already like so powerful that I
doubt we'll get hit very frequently at
least until the final bosses that punish
you for having a little bit of a lower
range cap but uh honestly do we have
dull razor unlocked is that a booster
item or is that an afterbirth + item
because if it's afterbirth Plus you
might have to unlock it but we might
have already unlocked it otherwise dull
razor once every two rooms you pop a
Thames crush the enemies with the circle
gain some demon hearts in the process
and like before you know it you're off
to the races my dudes
and I'm loving this mom's wake payout as
well
it also I'm assuming that you know
behind the scenes it's kind of tied to
our tier stat cuz you know that the tier
said with charge tiers just changes the
speed at which you charge but I am
assuming that it also influences how
frequently it checks to see look I don't
know if you guys know probably like a
superstar programmer I've taken a couple
of program while I take a vacation but
anyway I'm assuming that every time the
tier fires we have moms wig it
essentially behind the scenes rolls the
dice or flips a coin and goes does this
guy deserve a spider on this one due to
the the arbiter of randomness and I'm
assuming the higher your rate of fire is
even with charge tiers the more
frequently it's gonna flip that coin and
thus the more the more times you're
probably gonna get heads because you're
buying more lottery tickets you got to
go blank card and then you got a check
blank card Emperor dude I mean that's
like extremely good yeah I think we're
out of here so blank card Emperor is I
mean it's amazing for like several
reasons but one of the big ones here is
that if we wanted to we could probably
finish this run in like eight minutes
the other one is that we can use it to
get out of boss rush and if we end up
being low on HP which you know I'm not
gonna say I'm a perfect izing player has
happened even as Azazel sometimes we can
skip a lot of those floors that are
unlikely to have good benefits to being
there you know rewards for existing on
those floors like the womb for example
and instead just rush it so remember
we're going to Sheol this time I got to
remind myself that because it's it's
happening pretty quickly here no I don't
want whatever you're selling I don't
want it yeah get out of here that's
that's a garbage item for a garbage
player that's not for me look I'm like
that Bruno Mars song that's what I like
you know
I what does he say I forget because I've
heard it on the radio but usually I'm
driving and when I Drive I am focused
because I treat driving as a
responsibility and not a pleasurable
activity he says a beach house in Miami
not interested personally but if that's
what you want more power to you I mean
as a millennial the cul rune bag blank
card now we're talking that's what I
like as a millennial the concept of
owning a house is a little outrageous
and then you're talking about a beach
house I don't know what the real estate
markets like in Miami I mean it's a
major city so I'm assuming it's like you
know not cheap but maybe cheaper than
some other places
hmm as we move down here we might as
well I mean we got the perfect like
mom's wig payout here we got more rate
of fire which is what we wanted and then
combine that with a little bit of this
hot action from hivemind and all of a
sudden we got these spiders that are
doing you know 18 point three six damage
when they collide into an enemy not
enough to kill most enemies but you know
when you get eight or nine of them in a
row it's enough to put a damper on even
like the heaviest boss here so I think
you blank card the gauze and then you
two Goss grab yourself a little bit of
extra HP as you move forward here I'm
exploring because why wouldn't I you
know we got plenty of time here and
these floors have a tendency to provide
us with some useful advantages so I
think we're you know we win the more we
explore on this floor at least in the
future that could change pretty easily
he also that Bruno Mars says everything
24-karat and I don't even know what that
means I don't even want a salad with 24
karats Center I recognize that it's a
reference to jewelry I just don't this
is 24 karats
high value jewelry is it the more carats
the better is 24 karats like a standard
luxury item I don't know because that's
not what I like that's what I like if I
was Bruno Mars love interest what would
I ask him to get me I don't know if he
could max out my RSP and TFSA
contribution room
that'd be nice it's like our version of
a Roth IRA and whatever the other one
you guys have is I can't remember in the
US I say you guys as if you're all
American watching this which
demographically is not quite true but
it's up there I think we should just
walk so that we save our our charge here
I would ask him hey you know you make
millions of millions of dollars a year
if we're flying somewhere cuz you pay
for my ticket I don't want to sit in
first class I've never bought a
first-class ticket in my life perhaps
one day we'll be will reach that point
where I feel comfortable paying way way
way too much money for like an
experience that's usually less than ten
hours long somehow doubt it though but
if you could pay for my economy ticket
that'd be fine honestly Bruno you're not
even gonna notice is the thing we got to
be careful by the way cuz if we
accidentally teleport into the mom fight
we're stuck in there well we could use
our emperor card like I'm not I'm not
gonna ask you to make sure we're flying
on a private like chartered jet through
just let me let me sit in coach I kind
of don't understand the value
proposition of first-class and I'm gonna
be honest with you there are times when
I could probably afford getting a
first-class ticket and not sweat it too
much it might be dishonest to suggest
otherwise however I talked to other
content creators and I'm not naming in
shame in here because I don't think
there's anything to shame you know they
pay for the ticket they they can talk
about it however they're always like
they have a tendency I think to almost
talk down to you they're like we'll have
you fly a lot there's a big difference
and I like I fly all the time are you
there's nothing special there nothing
special day I fly all the time oh if you
took long flights you would know I dude
second flight I ever took in my life
14 hours in South Korea then back to
I've been not back to South Korea but
I've been in Japan
you know like to in from like seven
times or something well seven is an odd
number because that implies that I'm
there right now I suppose but no you
know I've I've been flying overseas I've
taken a lot of 10-hour flights
here's my airplane situation all right
here's what I do I get on pop the
headphones in watch a movie
rinse and repeat it's like a while loop
while the flight is not on the tarmac at
the destination that we're going to
watch movies that's it
try to sleep sometimes you can catch
like a catnap rarely though I just think
the first class is like some wealth
signaling or something that I don't
understand and I used to like when I
when I would walk you know you board the
plane the first class people are already
on the plane people just donate a bunch
here this is the kind of run where this
is suitable but you walk past the first
class people and they're like getting
champagne and you know suka threw a
towel and you know when I was younger I
was like dude one day I would love to be
a first class boy but now I don't feel
jealous when I walked through the first
class section cuz I understand that they
give them free alcohol so that they are
a little too inebriated to realize that
they're paying you know $800 to sit in a
nicer chair for like two hours these are
the same people to go to the mall and
their kid would be like hey mom can I
sit in the massage chair sweetie that's
two dollars from ten minutes it's a
waste of money I don't think one
first-class ticket please of madam that
would be $1500 uh they just put it on my
miles yeah I mean when you get it for
miles that makes sense but I know some
of these people they're paying cash for
it by the way as always I want to point
out many people watching this a probably
flown first class like you don't
understand it's worth it if you think
it's worth it that's the spirit of
economics okay I'm an unabashed
capitalist despite it you know sometimes
you get too much credit for it don't
read that far into it sometimes you know
it's a car
no sin on the internet don't read too
much into it that's all I'm trying to
tell you it and that's the spirit of the
of the capitalist system is that you
know you you pay what you feel good is
worth or what they're charging you for
it and you have no choice because it's
medicine you know one of the two either
way I just if I could if I could Bank a
few hundred to uh you know a thousand or
more extra dollars just by sitting in a
chair that's relatively comfortable but
not quite as comfortable
sign me up dude that's that's the
easiest money I've ever not spent in my
life we just yera nothing despite there
being an emperor card on the ground
I find out in you know let's let's turn
it back around on myself I find it hard
to spend money on myself as an
experience 5050 cuz you know it's no
secret Kate and I do travel we I've cut
down on it massively oh that's two God's
not yera
right right right right it's the visual
studio logo mostly because you know I've
come to terms of the fact that I have a
job to do and and I love doing it so I I
don't like to be away being away is
almost more stressful than being on the
job a lot of the time as bad as that
sounds and I do think it sounds bad you
might think that I'm trying to you know
sound honorable that's not the case I
think you you know knowing when to
disconnect is very healthy uh know okay
we got to see what the eyeball tears do
as is asel even though they're garbage
they don't seem to do anything get out
of here dude is that oh that's a double
tinted rock I think right there
interesting but apart from that I don't
know I find it find it hard to spend
money on myself
I don't want goods most of the time
anyone else relate to this there's got
it cuz I'm cut from the same cloth that
I think a lot of people watching this
video will be cut from I actually don't
like owning expensive material goods
because I'm clumsy and like prone to
losing things from time to time so it
almost feels like giving me it short
like for for our anniversary
Kate was like I gotta get you something
nice and I was like no you don't you I
would actually I'm not gonna take any
offense and I'm not just saying it I'm
gonna take zero offense if you get me
nothing and she goes no I can't do that
and I go I mean you believe you could do
that
how does it's a bad hug Allah is
actually kind of dangerous you could get
me nothing in the end she didn't give me
another she got me a nice belt so now I
still dressed like I'm in 11th grade but
I got a nice belt to go along with it
you doesn't matter because I never tuck
in my shirt cuz I'm self-conscious about
a little ponch that I'm developing at
the end of my young adulthood but you
know one day one day that's gonna be
taken care of and I'm gonna show off
this belt definitely okay grab that and
we're steamroll in this run right now we
almost like half the fight hush just a
pat out the video length here I don't
understand it you know I mean I guess I
do
I suppose the the idea we're gonna by
the way go for uh we're gonna go for
this cursed room because we could get
the guppy dream which with high mine you
got to go for it I guess the idea is
that luxury goods are nice you know my
parents are pretty modest I think I
inherited that to some degree well I
don't even want to know who crashed the
game if we go through the room like that
I think I inherited a little bit of that
from them and you know they were like
you know their philosophy was I you know
a discount good is just as good as a
luxury good you're just paying for the
label I think that a lot of the time
that might be true but you know I have
encountered some luxury goods and I'm
like you know what that's nice we park
our Ford Focus next to like you know a
couple Mercedes coupes down here in our
parking garage or you gotta grab this I
look inside the interior and I go you
know what their interior is nice it's
nicer than our car and I'm not ashamed
to admit it but I just don't you know
someone will like Drive a Tesla and I
see it and I'm like that's a nice car
but I don't really want it I mean if you
were giving me a car for free in the
year like do you want your Ford Focus or
do you want this Tesla I'd be like you
know what you've been good to me focus
but give me the Tesla but if they were
like you're gonna have to pay for the
Tesla or the Ford Focus sorry you know
what oh that's scary you know what I'm
fine with the focus dude does not bother
me PhD now I'm not trying to make myself
out to be a saint here or like extremely
what's the word I'm looking for
frugal cuz I'm not really you know I'll
buy name-brand foods I eat out now and
then probably more than the average
person
except Austin isn't really eating out if
you order in I would say yes but you may
disagree but the material goods thing
I'm just never understood I was the same
way like as a child and I'm telling you
this not to seem braggadocious but
rather so that if you're out there and
you're like I feel like I'm the only one
you're not and there are dozens of us as
you answer adulthood here I see it a lot
in the YouTube community and I'm not
gonna you know bite the hand that feeds
here at all but think it's you get this
you know you kind of are in the interest
of maintaining a public image I guess if
you're running a big youtuber a twitch
channel and then combine that with the
fact that a lot of people running these
you know a lot of these personalities
because it's video game focus tend to be
a little bit on the younger side I see a
lot of people bragging about spending
their money on luxury goods and I'm like
Dawg your salary is basically publicly
available information I don't know if
that's an astute financial decision but
you know what you got a first off you
choose what you value and you throw your
resources after it no question about it
but then secondly like don't let me tie
out a live your life you got to make
your own mistakes and that goes for me
as well I'm sure but when I see like a
19 year old youtuber and they're like
check it out I bought a Ferrari I'm like
ah don't do that that's crazy just my
personal advice just my personal feeling
why don't you throw that in an index
fund making 7% annually then 30 years
you could buy eight Ferraris or like 200
Ford Focuses which is really weapon we
operating my own Ford Focus taxi fleet
assuming the corporation still exists
when I'm 65 also cars will probably be
self-driving by then so it may be save
on labor costs either way I'm just
laying you know I was the same way as a
kid you know when I was when I was young
like really young I wanted things you
know I always wanted this is like my
crown jewel like if I had a million
dollars what would I buy I would buy the
$300 Toys R Us pool table that also
converts into a ping-pong table that
also converts into a bad pinball machine
that also you know it's like master jack
of all trades master of none sort of
thing that was like my dream purchase
and I never got it but one of my friends
had it and it sucked and I was like you
know what I'm glad I didn't have it but
then like from the time I was like 11
onwards my parents to be like hey what
do you want for Christmas I don't know
and then they'd be like you know it's
December 20 if you got to give us some
clues and I just like write down you
know some some names of some CDs and be
like yeah this is what I want the
self-titled debut album from bewitched
you know in hindsight not a good
fiduciary decision unless you know one
day it becomes a collector's item which
it's kind of why I keep bringing it up
in the hopes that maybe one day that'll
that'll come to pass anyway that's just
that's just my two cents
I'm not you know I'm not like you're an
idiot if you want to buy a you know a
Gucci pair of leggings or something like
I don't even know what that means we
just got my little boy dude that's
dynomite um but I'm just letting you
know if you're out there and you're like
everyone seems so vain don't worry about
it man
see my philosophy is you don't judge a
person by the clothes they wear the car
that they drive you judge them by the
decisions that they make at the grocery
store cuz that tells you who's who we
have no keys bye
way we definitely should not have opened
everything on the on the hush fight but
I'm glad we did the hush fight cuz we
actually have not done it before we did
do boss rush before but as Azazel but
we've never done hush what oh no I was
supposed to go down to Sheol I'm a big
ol moron man well thank God we fought
hush then we took the negative and then
we fought Isaac well what a great idea
hey for now thanks for watching i
acquiesce and request permission for my
idiocy never attribute to malice that
which can equally be explained by
ignorance if you enjoyed the episode
click the like button it helps out a
great deal subscribe if you want to see
more in the future
thanks for watching funding my economy
tickets it I'll see you next time